README.md, before:

### Home Rental Project ###

Holiday Cottages/Homes/Flats Rental Website

#### Functionalities ####

1. Users (signin, login, favorites, preferences, ...)
2. Multicriteria search : location, room number, price, ...
3. Admin
4. Stats

#### Technologies ####

+ Java/JEE - Spring
+ Hibernate
+ HTML (jsp, jstl tags), CSS, JS

+ [Less Css][13] - Find here a [plugin](http://plugins.netbeans.org/plugin/32782/lesscss-module) for Netbeans ! ;-)
+ [CoffeeScript][14]
+ [thymeleaf][15] - Template framework

### Database Access ###

Access to PHPMyAdmin [here](https://phpmyadmin.alwaysdata.com/)

### Maps API ###

Infos are readable [here][16]
The API key is : AIzaSyCIE1oJyR-XDU30PRTTMhadZtRVI1Spf7I

#### To read ####

+ [Inversion of Control][1] (For more informations, read [this][4])
+ [Spring Framework][2] and [this][6]
+ [Aspect-Oriented Programming][3]
+ Introduction au framework Spring : [cours 1][5] | [cours 2][7] | [cours 3][8]
+ Hibernate : [cours 1][9] | [cours 2][11] | [cours 3][12]
+ [Spring Framework General Reference][10]
+ [Java Persistence API](http://en.wikibooks.org/w/index.php?title=Java_Persistence&stable=1)

[1]: http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spring_framework
[2]: http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spring_framework
[3]: http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programmation_orient%C3%A9e_aspect
[4]: http://www.martinfowler.com/articles/injection.html
[5]: http://ego.developpez.com/spring/
[6]: http://w3blog.fr/2009/10/09/framework-spring/
[7]: http://yannart.developpez.com/java/spring/tutoriel/
[8]: http://w3blog.fr/2010/10/18/realisation-projet-spring/
[9]: http://w3blog.fr/2008/08/21/framework-hibernate/
[10]: http://www.tutorialspoint.com/spring/spring_overview.htm
[11]: http://www.dzone.com/tutorials/java/spring/spring-hibernate-integration-1.html
[12]: http://www.mkyong.com/spring/maven-spring-hibernate-mysql-example/
[13]: https://github.com/marceloverdijk/lesscss-maven-plugin
[14]: https://github.com/iron9light/coffeescript-maven-plugin
[15]: http://www.thymeleaf.org/documentation.html
[16]: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/?hl=fr

Commit message:

Add static map to property view and it ROCKS

README.md, after:

### Home Rental Project ###

Holiday Cottages/Homes/Flats Rental Website

#### Functionalities ####

1. Users (signin, login, favorites, preferences, ...)
2. Multicriteria search : location, room number, price, ...
3. Admin
4. Stats

#### Technologies ####

+ Java/JEE - Spring
+ Hibernate
+ HTML (jsp, jstl tags), CSS, JS

+ [Less Css][13] - Find here a [plugin](http://plugins.netbeans.org/plugin/32782/lesscss-module) for Netbeans ! ;-)
+ [CoffeeScript][14]
+ [thymeleaf][15] - Template framework

### Database Access ###

Access to PHPMyAdmin [here](https://phpmyadmin.alwaysdata.com/)

### Maps API ###

The doc on the Maps API is [here][16]
The doc on the Static Maps API is [here][17]
The API key is : AIzaSyCIE1oJyR-XDU30PRTTMhadZtRVI1Spf7I

#### To read ####

+ [Inversion of Control][1] (For more informations, read [this][4])
+ [Spring Framework][2] and [this][6]
+ [Aspect-Oriented Programming][3]
+ Introduction au framework Spring : [cours 1][5] | [cours 2][7] | [cours 3][8]
+ Hibernate : [cours 1][9] | [cours 2][11] | [cours 3][12]
+ [Spring Framework General Reference][10]
+ [Java Persistence API](http://en.wikibooks.org/w/index.php?title=Java_Persistence&stable=1)

[1]: http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spring_framework
[2]: http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spring_framework
[3]: http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programmation_orient%C3%A9e_aspect
[4]: http://www.martinfowler.com/articles/injection.html
[5]: http://ego.developpez.com/spring/
[6]: http://w3blog.fr/2009/10/09/framework-spring/
[7]: http://yannart.developpez.com/java/spring/tutoriel/
[8]: http://w3blog.fr/2010/10/18/realisation-projet-spring/
[9]: http://w3blog.fr/2008/08/21/framework-hibernate/
[10]: http://www.tutorialspoint.com/spring/spring_overview.htm
[11]: http://www.dzone.com/tutorials/java/spring/spring-hibernate-integration-1.html
[12]: http://www.mkyong.com/spring/maven-spring-hibernate-mysql-example/
[13]: https://github.com/marceloverdijk/lesscss-maven-plugin
[14]: https://github.com/iron9light/coffeescript-maven-plugin
[15]: http://www.thymeleaf.org/documentation.html
[16]: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/?hl=fr
[17]: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/staticmaps/?hl=fr
